# Coding Agents Are Great, but...
I'm a big fan of coding agents like Claude Code to ehance my productivitiy.  These tools enable me to lean heavy on the thought work to define a feature or task really well (work I need to do anyway), compile that concept into written form (contributing to my need to document my work), and then pass the work off to the tool while I go do other work.  It's great.

Unfortunately, scrolling through CLI history to remember prior segments of my conversation is not a great experience.  Combine that with Claude's periodic compacting of context and you might actually not even be able to locate the piece of information you're looking for.  Some might say "Use conversational AI for conversations, and let the coding agent do the coding".  That's great but a) I think the coding agent benefits from the conversational context that leads up to a final prompt to actually "do work" to produce more refined ouptut and b) My browsers always have 78+ tabs open, and switching between windows breaks up my flow (especially if I'm working with just one screen!)

# Solution: Artifacts!
A solution I've started using has been to start asking Claude (Code) to produce artifacts, actual files - primarily in markdown format, to capture chunkier output that I think I might want to reference or refine later.  This is great not only because it gives me the best of both worlds (conversational and cli coding agents) but also saves me from having to switch out of my IDE.  With an md file I get the benefit of both familiar format of responses, like I'm used to getting from regular conversations in the browser, and also those long lasting artifacts that I can review/edit later, then turn them into feature documentation or prompts to pass back into the tool.

So next time you're spinning up your cli tool, or switching to your browser to ask a longer format question, consider just prompting in the CLI and asking for an artifact.  Like all prompts, you get out the same quality you put in, so I find it quite useful to provide a basic outline of the document, highlighting specific questions I want answered, and leaving some open-ended inquiry for the tool to expand on or provide feedback to me to prompt additional ideation.